[7.1.0] Add note about mock service sub context (#2574)
wso2/docs-ei: en/micro-integrator/docs/develop/creating-unit-test-suite.md

    -   **Header Value**: Response request header value.
    -   **Send Out Response Payload**: Expected response payload from the service.   
  
    !!! Note 
        

>         Please note that the mock service **should have a sub context** with '/' defined, and additional sub contexts should be defined after that.

Reviewer: Shall we explain why we should do this?

Author: According to current implementation, this is how it works. There is no standard to define like this. Should we point the technical limitation here?

Reviewer: No we should avoid the technical limitation. I assumed there might be a positive side of defining it like this.

        
        - If you are trying to mock an endpoint `http://petstore.com/pets`, the wizard should look like below now.
        
        ![Mock Service with one sub context](../assets/img/create_project/synapse_unit_test/mockservice-context-sample.PNG) 
        

>         - If you you are going to mock the same endpoint with an additional sub context (Eg : `http://petstore.com/pets/id` ), you can add it to the same mock service like below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        - If you are going to mock the same endpoint with an additional sub context (e.g., `http://petstore.com/pets/id` ), you can add it to the same mock service as shown below. 
```
